very sweet in the five tips of
leo i have not bad no but what is it
that you made squash and killed
anything
it's sure she's dead
he's always relaxing the atmosphere and
this will be the tip number 4 white will hold
tomorrow in the garden
I do not understand I have not yet
opposite but when I'm not late
at this point the law
laurent bridoux surely the bucket of water
a tintin in time is not the first
time it happens and have all the time
the apples but yes downright in time I
wish you this time I have something
to tell you ah yes and this time she has
also no but let me down
I said you calm down we'll see that more
late it but coupet the girl I you
swear simple and how he came out
besides, I do not know in time the
worse this time so the match where
arrive after we're actually there at these
spread facts no good report that's not
still do not want what I'm doing at
eat to impress them
and while the situation was at most
badly I understood the meaning of life the
war is bad it kills people
money it creates inequalities love
it's complicated but the legs
it's good that the legs she but what is
what you're doing is coming to help me
wake up I do not care
I know what I will do to eat
pasta and more there are plenty of
possible recipes look pasta at
mushrooms but not all lemon is
not all cheeses pasta or rice and
pasta or are pasta with basil
pasta with coffee pasta with mint
and I think that's pretty much I did
not finished my reply what this phone
this video we will speak of course a
text why she clara she writes that to
my laura buddies my life why like
angers at doctors not normal it's okay
what's up there is something you do not hide
what there is good we will debate or
see me neither I drool no this is not
today no damascus stay no but
that's me it's not me it's not me
but I dream
no no but I dream it's a joke
please stop because there march
it's bad it kills you a man in tervuren
and they came back
if that's not relaxing the atmosphere
but in fact your joke he was naze by
against the joke of toto and august where he
will have especially where she will have
the curry lemon pasta I do not have
finished my reply
It's awesome